How dare anyone come to my store to make trouble?
You tell me.
If you dare to touch us
I will give it to the market immediately.
Regulators call to report
I'm afraid you will report it.
I'm afraid you don't know this store
Who is covering it?
No matter who it is, it is bigger than the law
Haha, I might as well tell you.
My brother-in-law works for Goldman Sachs
That's in our plateau city
He is also one of the big people who eat black and white
Don't say you called to report
It's the people in the marketing takeover department
I tell him to go back and forth from where
O saint
You poor man still know Mr. Sheng's name
That depends on Mr. Sheng's face
Make up the price difference of this medicine.
It's over
Hahahahaha hey
Return it to you, are you thinking too much?
Come here and block him for me
Don't let him go
Yo, this chick is so watery
Why don't you come with me and play a few games of poker in the back?
I'll let you go
How did it go?
Dare to touch a hair of my sister, try it
Your sister, don't say it's frozen with hair
I'll go to Hook later
Play a good level of poker with him
What are you doing?
Come on, don't move
Tell you what?
I have your phone number, Mr. Sheng
Do you know Mr. Sheng's temper?
If you offend him, he won't have your head
4 6s, isn't this the tail number of Mr. Sheng's mobile phone?
It's a coincidence that you know Mr. Sheng
Is he going to say something next?
This phone number is from Mr. Sheng.
That's right, Mr. Sheng
You said that Mr. Sheng is Mr. Sheng
I also said that in my phone
There is a key call from the richest man
Do you want to call you?
So you don't even know Mr. Sheng's phone number?
It seems that you are not even a dog leg
Mr. Yang, you finally answered the phone.
I guess you're right.
I really had a car accident, Mr. Yang
Yesterday was all my fault
Please don't know me in general